[DOC] Add info on where to add additional compose file (#211)
drud/ddev-contrib: docker-compose-services/mongodb/README.md

1. Install php-mongo extension by adding `webimage_extra_packages: [php7.3-mongodb]` to your .ddev/config.yaml. Note that the PHP version in the package name must correspond to the PHP version you are running, e.g. use `php7.4-mongodb` if your server runs PHP 7.4.

> 2. Add extra file [docker-compose.mongo.yaml](docker-compose.mongo.yaml) in .ddev/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the file [docker-compose.mongo.yaml](docker-compose.mongo.yaml) to the project's `.ddev` directory.
```
